The Joe Rogan experience. I'm like,
there's this thing about Kevin Spacey and the, uh,
they made the text available of this guy who Kevin Spacey was touching his Dick,
going back and forth. It was girlfriend, bro. They were laughing about it. Okay.
And they're trying to make it seem like this is evidence that they were,
that he was scared and they, Kevin Spacey was sexually abusing them.
They were like, oh my God, he's gay. He's gay. He's touching my Dick. He's gay.
He's unzipping my pants. He's gay.
This guy was texting his girlfriend while Kevin.
I mean his. He's so gay. He's so gay.
I think he must be gay because I'm him in his mouth now, bro.
They released all the text messages, but they didn't release some of them.
And the mother said that she deleted a lot of them that are related to his frat
boy, like behavior.
What does that probably jokes about getting his Dick sucked by Kevin
[inaudible].
That's hilarious.
Yeah. No, there's some deception going on. I think, um, you know, I'm not, uh,
obviously I'm not a lawyer, but uh, I think,
I think they're trying to make some money. That's what I think it's horseshit.
I don't think this 18 year old kids worried about this 800 year old man touching
his deck or you flat line. That guy just popped in the face. When you're 18.
He'll punch the out of some 65 year old pervert.
Come in. Unless.
He's a small fellow. I don't know if he has no idea about his physical stature,
but if I was 18, some guy was kept grabbing my Dick. I put them asleep
at night.
The first thing you do at 18, you're like, I'm going to fight you, dude.
I'm like.
You're not going to me, man. What is the messages?
Start with the accuser texting. Like he's hanging around me in the bar.
He's got my number and asked me to come out with him. The girlfriend replies,
are you kidding? And then sends two other messages saying what?
And then he says, sounds like he's hitting on you.
The man types. I think he is. And then he's grabbing my leg and expletive.
Oh my God, you can't say
goes away to say I'm not gay adding.
But I think Spacey is the accuser continued texting saying that he was being
touched inappropriately like eight times later adding.
And then he invited me to his house.
Hey pro tip pro
[inaudible]. You're a Dick. You gotta tell him to stop looking at it
once. Does he say the guys? What.
The expletive.
Is? I saw.
This. I saw this have.
Fun too much. I was going.
To get to that. Jesus Christ. You reached down my.
Pants. What the is happening? Have fun, but not too much fun.
If you know what I mean. Jesus Christ. He reached down my pants help. No,
this is Kevin ducking. Spacey, the canvas. She the auto text up.
He's gay.
He's buying me another drink. Oh.
My God, babe.
He's gay. I think I want to hang.
This kid is gay. What the.
Are you talking about? Why are you.
Choosing your rights that he got autographs and a hell of a story?
Come on man. Opportunistic opportunity.
Maybe, maybe it's not gay. Maybe he's just a kid having a good time.
And it does.
This is not a lot of people that get sexually assaulted, have time to text.
Okay. I'm just saying he's, he's having fun playing.
Enjoying the fact that it was Kevin Spacey doing to it, to him for sure.
But it doesn't sound to me in any way. Like he was threatened.
It sounded like he let the guy touch him and maybe he should be accused of blue
bond. Mr. Spacey.
Did Spacey get a nut? Does it say that at the end.
That you think that he was flirting with him a little bit, clean them on,
keep Kevin Spacey around. He thinks.
It's funny.
It's up. The whole story is up. If Kevin Spacey really did do it,
then it's up that we're joking about it. And if Kevin Spacey didn't do it,
then it's up.
This guy is trying to set him up because he just wants to make money.
And he's ruined and Kevin Spacey's life. But Kevin Spacey's life was already in.
Trauma. Trump spiral. There's a lot. It's a.
Lot of that grabbing. This was a nice lady to incident.
That was one, one of many. But it's a different.
Thing. If you look at that story after you read those texts, you go, oh,
this is a different thing. This isn't like,
he's like trying to force some guy into a bathroom, bludging them and them up.
They're partied there, partied out, having a good time. He said,
they're buying us another drink.
Yeah, he is hanging around. Yes. He's not being forced against his will.
There's no one that's holding him there.
Yeah. If you got your good Dick grab once and he didn't want it,
you don't let it happen. Seven more times text someone.
And everyone's like, look, the victim is crying for help.
Yeah. And he texts someone. He just grabbed my Dick.
It's a, it is, this is what men have to really truly understand.
It is so much different when a guy like Kevin Spacey. And again,
I don't know what this guy looked like, but I'm gonna assume it was me at 18.
Right?
A normal cool dude who does no athletic stuff.
I'm strong at 18. And I, I'm not worried about him.
Raping me is what my point is. Whereas a woman,
if a guy's doing that and the guys cornered you and fear, there's fear.
You literally worried this guy could rape you.
I hope he's not that guy that would rape me. The kind of guy. Right.
Because women don't know if you're the kind of guy that would rape them.
Because look at Ted Bundy, man. He was a handsome guy. Yeah.
And girls would just go with him because they thought, oh, he looks good.
He's fine. He, no he's killing them. Right. So girls legitimately,
you have to worry about that work guys.
Don't so even this guy with Kevin Spacey,
if he didn't like what Kevin Spacey was doing,
there's no indication that he said it to him. Right? So not in those tasks.
He's probably thinking we're going to party. I'm touching this. Guy's Dick.
He ain't saying. He's just texting his friends. Good. Tell your friends,
want to your mouth. Tell your friends. I want to.
Your friends to bring.
Those, those guys to bring the whole team. I'll all of them.
He's probably thinking he's going to have a good time.
Cause this guy's not saying anything. Right? Meanwhile, this guy's texting.
This guy. Never does he say, Hey,
I told him to stop touching my deck and he won't leave me alone. No.
It doesn't say that. He invited me to his house. We're ready to party.
I had to push him away from me. I was going to him up. But I guess he's drunk.
I'm coming to you baby. Cause I love,
you know that LOL he's jerking me off his mouth.
He says be careful, have fun. Which is like, you're out for the night.
I guess she even told him that being gay is okay. She said,
are you trying to tell me something? Being.
Gay is okay. That's when he responded. I'm not gay.
LOL that all the first part for other kids. Not scared now. Okay.
This idea that he should get money because he was getting sexually assaulted.
No you're getting hit on. And you're all at a,
an establishment that serves drugs,
the drug that reduces inhibition better than any drug, alcohol, alcohol.
And you're accepting this drug from this guy.
Who's already touched your Dick seven times. Okay.
Knowledging it by the way. Not this isn't like a,
I didn't know what's happening is dictating. LOL.
His Dick is in my. Whoa. What, what was happening? Do you think.
That Kevin space should be, should be able to Sue him back countersuit.
For that? For defamation of character? Just.
For being a.
Yeah.
Just Sue as being a. Like if there.
Was a court of honor.
And like, well you could, uh, judge Santino, um,
please welcome this case. Uh,
Mr. Spacey touched his boy's Dick over and over again and continued to buy them
drinks. And the man never said no,
but he texted his girlfriend over and over again.
Then later on sued Mr. Spacey for sexual assault, your thoughts.
Young man. You're guilty of being a.
You must serve time as a BA.
Okay. Then the question is, is there a real issue with him being 18?
Where like he's legal, maybe he's legal, but maybe he's like bewildered.
Like he doesn't know what to do.
He's maybe never been around a famous guy like Kevin Spacey before he doesn't
know how to tell a guy to get off of him and doesn't have experience being
around gay guys. Or maybe he's never had a guy try to them, but he doesn't.
Playing into the game. The text all say that he's playing. Oh, he's told you,
me and him. We're going to, maybe we're going to hang out with him.
He's doing this game. He's playing.
Okay. Immaterial. You're harassing the witnesses. They could work.
At the bar. Something was he doing at the bar?
Uh, sucking. It was a gay bar.
Was eight. 18. Is that a bar? I think he worked there.
But.
He lied to them. And just.
Age 23, that was another part of the problem.
The kid lied and told seven Stacy.
He was older than he was the plot thickens.
So there's bars. You can go into under 21.
I know you can be in there. I'm just saying like, what was he doing?
Just hanging out, having fun. Or was he working?
He did say he's going to buy us drink. That's what.
I meant with bus boy. And like,
he just kept walking by him and he kept grabbing his Dick every time I'm looking
at it. I don't see.
Well, we don't have to keep talking about this,
this poor fella that didn't want to run into Kevin Spacey. And,
but it was a financial opportunity and he had to capitalize, which can happen.
He's going to go to jail. No.
No, no.
These guys gonna get any money.
Yeah. The kid hush money is, yeah, he'll get it.
How much does he want?
He got him drunk and then the sexually assaulted him at that bar.
He worked there. So he said he worked there as a bus boy. Okay.
Written people with wealth, always get off. Like what's her name?
The USC Lori Loughlin. And that's up man.
And they get off the last season of house of cards.
Nobody gave a about it. There was.
A big billboard billboards and everybody's like, oh, okay.
It was a four year consideration. What is her name again? Uh.
Re uh, Robin, right? Yeah.
Robin Wright. She's amazing. She's amazing.
Actresses we've ever had.
Alive. She needed him to play off. He was ultimate evil. That Lee was,
was turning her Mori. Well, they killed her boyfriend. Spoiler alert. Yeah.
Burrow row. And in the movie, by the way in the show, he's doing a lot of gang.
Like hand-in-hand.
The whole show he's doing. He does get, he gets his Cox library or some.
As a lot of crazy. It's a crazy, which is why I loved it. And it was amazing.
And you needed a dirty, crazy. Like Kevin Spacey to pull that character off.
For sure. Look,
part of you knew he knew what it was to be a crazy.
That's like part of how he pulled that roll off. You bought it. Okay.
This is not Ron Howard pretending to be banging dudes and
getting his Dick sucked and all that stuff. Best roles.
He's playing a crazy guy. Yeah. He's crazy. Yeah.
Always mean it's also why he's such an amazing artist,
but that doesn't give him a license to victimize all those people that know
when, after that we're sport, it's not, not justifying.
But what I'm saying is it's amazing how someone who is up like that can
produce, you know, like this kind of art where like,
as an, you, you like, he makes a show, right?
The show a big part of what it was because you bought this guy as this crazy
tormented twist.
Absolutely. I mean, it was, he was so he was so eloquent at it.
He S he was unbelievable. It was just looked. It looked so natural.
So real that's probably cause it was real right. A hundred percent. I mean,
you know how many people in America you say for years, you're like Kevin,
Spacey's gay and the business has known about it and they go,
you're out of your head.
I do a spit take this way.
You don't know he's gay, but how many people in America were like, no, he's not.
He's not, he's not.
Gay.
Nuts, California. Everybody thinks.
Everybody's good.
But that's the problem is because there's a perception perception.
And in the show, him playing this character,
who's also art imitating life balancing on this world of hiding a big secret.
It was just so close to home. It was crazy.
So good when she fell in love with that artist,
she's so good with them in New York and there's pictures of them together.
And it's like, wow, this is crazy, crazy.
Watch them naked in bed in some great grades and loft.
And so he needed them together after they kicked him out. Like what? The day.
Was too strong when they were together. It was amazing.
And the episode one that I watched, the old one that I watched,
everybody looks super nervous. Everybody looked, it looked like super.
It just looked all. What do you mean? What do you mean?
Just looked off the show looked off was like, they knew Jesus Christ.
I just fired.
Kevin Spacey. Never going to watch it. I even on camera. They're like,
so we'll just continue this game. It was just.
Weird.